XXH hash function (#115)
lmangani/cLoki: README.md

| TEMPO_TAGTRACE | false | Optional tagging of TraceID (expensive) |
| DEBUG  			| false  	    | Debug Mode (for backwards compatibility) 		|
| LOG_LEVEL  			| info  	    | Log Level  		|

> | HASH | short-hash | Hash function using for fingerprints. Currently supported `short-hash` and `XXH` (xxH64 function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HASH | short-hash | Hash function using for fingerprints. Currently supported `short-hash` and `XXH` (xxHash64 function). Default `short-hash` function is known to produce a significant number of collisions.
```
